
This product is licensed by WSO2 Inc. under Apache License 2.0. The license
can be downloaded from the following locations:
	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
	http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

This product also contains software under different licenses. This table below
all the contained libraries (jar files) and the license under which they are 
provided to you.

At the bottom of this file is a table that shows what each license indicated
below is and where the actual text of the license can be found.

Name                                                                            Type           License   
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
abdera-1.0.0.wso2v1.jar                                                         bundle                   
activation-1.1.jar                                                              jar            sunbinary 
addressing-1.6-wso2v1.mar                                                       bundle                   
ajaxtags-1.3.0.beta-rc7-wso2v1.jar                                              bundle                   
annogen-0.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                                        bundle                   
ant-1.7.0.jar                                                                   jar            apache2   
ant-1.7.0.wso2v1.jar                                                            bundle                   
ant-launcher-1.7.0.jar                                                          jar            apache2   
aopalliance-1.0.jar                                                             jar            apache2   
aopalliance-1.0.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
authenticator-0.7.0.wso2v1.jar                                                  bundle                   
axiom-1.2.9.wso2v1.jar                                                          bundle                   
axis2-1.6.0.wso2v1.jar                                                          bundle                   
axis2-transport-base-1.1.0.jar                                                  bundle                   
axis2-transport-jms-1.1.0.jar                                                   bundle                   
backport-util-concurrent-3.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                       bundle                   
bcprov-jdk15-132.jar                                                            jarinbundle    bouncy    
caja-r3950.jar                                                                  jarinbundle              
catalina-5.5.23.jar                                                             jar            apache2   
catalina-optional-5.5.23.jar                                                    jar            apache2   
com.ibm.icu-4.0.1.v20090415.jar                                                 bundle                   
commons-beanutils-1.7.0.jar                                                     jarinbundle    apache2   
commons-betwixt-0.8.jar                                                         jarinbundle              
commons-cli-1.0.jar                                                             jar            apache2   
commons-codec-1.3.0.wso2v1.jar                                                  bundle                   
commons-collections-3.2.0.wso2v1.jar                                            bundle                   
commons-collections-3.2.jar                                                     jarinbundle              
commons-dbcp-1.2.2.jar                                                          jarinbundle    apache2   
commons-dbcp-1.2.2.wso2v1.jar                                                   bundle                   
commons-digester-1.8.jar                                                        jarinbundle    apache2   
commons-discovery-0.2.jar                                                       jarinbundle    apache2   
commons-el-1.0.jar                                                              jar            apache2   
commons-fileupload-1.2.0.wso2v1.jar                                             bundle                   
commons-httpclient-3.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                             bundle                   
commons-io-1.4.0.wso2v1.jar                                                     bundle                   
commons-lang-1.0.jar                                                            jar            apache2   
commons-lang-2.3.0.wso2v1.jar                                                   bundle         apache2   
commons-logging-1.1.1.jar                                                       jar            apache2   
commons-modeler-1.1.jar                                                         jar            apache2   
commons-pool-1.3.jar                                                            jarinbundle    apache2   
commons-pool-1.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                   bundle                   
compass-2.0.1.wso2v2.jar                                                        bundle                   
dataservice-client-samples-2.5.0.jar                                            jar                      
dataservice-samples-utils-2.5.0.jar                                             jar                      
ehcache-1.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                        bundle                   
ezmorph-1.0.4.jar                                                               jarinbundle              
flexTasks.jar                                                                   jar                      
gdata-core-1.0.0.wso2v1.jar                                                     bundle                   
gdata-spreadsheet-3.0.0.wso2v1.jar                                              bundle                   
geronimo-jaxws_2.1_spec-1.0.0.wso2v1.jar                                        bundle                   
geronimo-jaxws_2.1_spec-1.0.jar                                                 bundle                   
geronimo-jta_1.1_spec-1.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                          bundle                   
geronimo-jta_1.1_spec-1.1.jar                                                   jar            apache2   
geronimo-saaj_1.3_spec-1.0.0.wso2v2.jar                                         bundle                   
geronimo-stax-api_1.0_spec-1.0.1.wso2v1.jar                                     bundle                   
geronimo-ws-metadata_2.0_spec-1.1.2.jar                                         bundle                   
google-collect-1.0.0.wso2v2.jar                                                 bundle                   
guice-2.0.jar                                                                   jarinbundle              
h2-1.1.112.jar                                                                  bundle                   
h2-1.1.112.jar                                                                  jarinbundle              
h2-database-engine-1.1.112.wso2v1.jar                                           bundle                   
htmlunit-2.5.jar                                                                jarinbundle              
httpclient-4.0.1.jar                                                            jarinbundle              
httpcore-4.1.0.alpha1-wso2v1.jar                                                bundle                   
icu4j-3.8.jar                                                                   jarinbundle              
jasper-compiler-5.5.23.jar                                                      jar            apache2   
jasper-compiler-jdt-5.5.23.jar                                                  jar            apache2   
jasper-runtime-5.5.23.jar                                                       jar            apache2   
javax.servlet.jsp-2.0.0.v200806031607.jar                                       bundle                   
jaxb-api-2.1.jar                                                                jar            apache2   
jaxb-impl-2.1.7.jar                                                             jar            cddl1     
jaxb-xjc-2.1.7.jar                                                              jar            cddl1     
jdom-1.0.0.wso2v1.jar                                                           bundle                   
jericho-html-2.4.jar                                                            jarinbundle    epl1      
jetty-6.1.15.jar                                                                jarinbundle              
joda-time-1.6.0.wso2v1.jar                                                      bundle                   
js-1.7.0.R1-wso2v2.jar                                                          bundle                   
jsecurity-0.9.0.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
json-20070829.jar                                                               jarinbundle              
json-simple-1.1.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
jsp-api-2.0.jar                                                                 jar            sunbinary 
jsr311-api-1.0.jar                                                              bundle                   
jstl-1.2.jar                                                                    jarinbundle              
juel-api-2.1.2.jar                                                              jarinbundle              
juel-impl-2.1.2.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
juli-6.0.16.jar                                                                 jar            apache2   
log4j-1.2.13.jar                                                                jar                      
naming-factory-5.5.23.jar                                                       jar                      
naming-factory-dbcp-5.5.23.jar                                                  jar            apache2   
naming-resources-5.5.23.jar                                                     jar                      
neethi-2.0.4.wso2v1.jar                                                         bundle                   
nekohtml-1.9.13.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
oauth-20090531.jar                                                              jarinbundle              
oauth-provider-20090531.jar                                                     jarinbundle              
opencsv-1.8.0.wso2v1.jar                                                        bundle                   
opencsv-1.8.jar                                                                 jarinbundle    apache2   
opensaml-1.1.406.jar                                                            jarinbundle              
opensaml-2.2.3.jar                                                              jarinbundle              
opensaml2-2.0.0.alpha1-wso2v1.jar                                               bundle                   
openws-1.2.2.jar                                                                jarinbundle              
org.apache.commons.el-1.0.0.v200806031608.jar                                   bundle                   
org.apache.jasper-5.5.17.v200806031609.jar                                      bundle                   
org.apache.log4j-1.2.13.v200706111418.jar                                       bundle                   
org.apache.synapse.synapse-commons-1.4.0.wso2v1.jar                             bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.commands-3.5.0.I20090429-1800.jar                              bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.contenttype-3.4.0.v20090429-1800.jar                           bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.expressions-3.4.100.v20090429-1800.jar                         bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.jobs-3.4.100.v20090429-1800.jar                                bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.net-1.2.0.I20090522-1010.jar                                   bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.runtime-3.5.0.v20090429-1800.jar                               bundle                   
org.eclipse.core.runtime.compatibility.auth-3.2.100.v20090413.jar               bundle                   
org.eclipse.ecf-3.0.0.v20090520-0800.jar                                        bundle                   
org.eclipse.ecf.filetransfer-3.0.0.v20090520-0800.jar                           bundle                   
org.eclipse.ecf.identity-3.0.0.v20090520-0800.jar                               bundle                   
org.eclipse.ecf.provider.filetransfer-3.0.0.v20090520-0800.jar                  bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.app-1.2.0.v20090520-1800.jar                                bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.common-3.5.0.v20090520-1800.jar                             bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.concurrent-1.0.0.v20090520-1800.jar                         bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.ds-1.1.0.v20090520-1800.jar                                 bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.frameworkadmin-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                   bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.frameworkadmin.equinox-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar           bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.http.helper-1.0.0.qualifier.jar                             bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.http.servlet-1.0.200.v20090520-1800.jar                     bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.jsp.jasper-1.0.200.v20090520-1800.jar                       bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.launcher-1.0.200.v20090520.jar                              bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.artifact.repository-1.0.100.v20090520-1905-wso2v1.jar    bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.console-1.0.100.v20090520-1905-wso2v1.jar                bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.core-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                          bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                      bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.director.app-1.0.100.v20090521-1912.jar                  bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.directorywatcher-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar              bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.engine-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                        bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.exemplarysetup-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.extensionlocation-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar             bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.garbagecollector-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar              bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.jarprocessor-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                  bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                      bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.generator-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar            bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.metadata.repository-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar           bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.publisher-1.0.0.v20090521-1912.jar                       bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.reconciler.dropins-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar            bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository-1.0.0.v20090520-1905.jar                      bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.repository.tools-1.0.0.v20090520-1905.jar                bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.touchpoint.eclipse-1.0.100.v20090520-1905-wso2v1.jar     bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.touchpoint.natives-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar            bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatechecker-1.1.0.v20090520-1905.jar                   bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.p2.updatesite-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar                    bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.preferences-3.2.300.v20090520-1800.jar                      bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.registry-3.4.100.v20090520-1800.jar                         bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.security-1.0.100.v20090520-1800.jar                         bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.simpleconfigurator-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar               bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.simpleconfigurator.manipulator-1.0.100.v20090520-1905.jar   bundle                   
org.eclipse.equinox.util-1.0.100.v20090520-1800.jar                             bundle                   
org.eclipse.osgi-3.5.0.v20090520.jar                                            bundle                   
org.eclipse.osgi.services-3.2.0.v20090520-1800.jar                              bundle                   
org.sat4j.core-2.1.0.v20090520.jar                                              bundle                   
org.sat4j.pb-2.1.0.v20090520.jar                                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.application.deployer-3.0.0.jar                                  bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.authenticator.proxy-3.0.0.jar                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.bridge-3.0.0.jar                                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.caching-3.0.0.jar                                               bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.caching.ui-3.0.0.jar                                            bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.cluster.mgt.core-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.component.mgt.core-3.0.0.jar                                    bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.component.mgt.services-3.0.0.jar                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.component.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.core-3.0.0.jar                                                  bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.core.common-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.core.installer-3.0.0.jar                                        bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.core.services-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dashboard-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dashboard.common-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dashboard.dashboardpopulator-3.0.0.jar                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dashboard.ui-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.common-3.0.0.jar                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.core-3.0.0.jar                                     bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.new.ui-3.0.0.jar                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.dataservices.ui-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.datasource-3.0.0.jar                                            bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.datasource.ui-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.discovery.core-3.0.0.jar                                        bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.email.verification-3.0.0.jar                                    bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.event.broker-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.eventing-3.0.0.jar                                              bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.eventing.core-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.eventing.impl-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.eventing.ui-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.http.bridge-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.i18n-3.0.0.jar                                                  bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.identity.authenticator.token-3.0.0.jar                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.identity.authenticator.token.ui-3.0.0.jar                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.java2wsdl-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.java2wsdl.ui-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.logging-3.0.0.jar                                               bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.logging.admin.ui-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.logging.service-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.logging.view.ui-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.mex-3.0.0.jar                                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.module.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                            bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.module.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.operation.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.operation.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.policyeditor.ui-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.common-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.common.ui-3.0.0.jar                                    bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.core-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.eventing-3.0.0.jar                                     bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.info-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.properties-3.0.0.jar                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.properties.ui-3.0.0.jar                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.resource-3.0.0.jar                                     bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.resource.ui-3.0.0.jar                                  bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.search-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.search.ui-3.0.0.jar                                    bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.server-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.registry.servlet-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.rm-3.0.0.jar                                                    bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.rm.ui-3.0.0.jar                                                 bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.securevault-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.security.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.security.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.server-3.0.0.jar                                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.server.admin-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.server.admin.common-3.0.0.jar                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.server.admin.ui-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.service.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.service.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                        bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.servletbridge-1.0.1.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.statistics-3.0.0.jar                                            bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.statistics.ui-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.sts-3.0.0.jar                                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.sts.ui-3.0.0.jar                                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.throttle-3.0.0.jar                                              bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.throttle.ui-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.tools.wsdlvalidator-3.0.0.jar                                   bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.tools.wsdlvalidator.ui-3.0.0.jar                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.tracer-3.0.0.jar                                                bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.tracer.ui-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.transport.http-3.0.0.jar                                        bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.transport.https-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.transport.jms-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.transport.mail-3.0.0.jar                                        bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.transport.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.transport.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.tryit-3.0.0.jar                                                 bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.tryit.ui-3.0.0.jar                                              bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.ui-3.0.0.jar                                                    bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.ui.menu.general-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.ui.menu.registry-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.ui.menu.tools-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.user.core-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.user.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                              bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.user.mgt.common-3.0.0.jar                                       bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.user.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.utils-3.0.0.jar                                                 bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.validator-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.validator.ui-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.viewflows-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.viewflows.ui-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.wsdl2code-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.wsdl2code.ui-3.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.wsdl2form-3.0.0.jar                                             bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.wsdlconverter-3.0.0.jar                                         bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.wsdlconverter.ui-3.0.0.jar                                      bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.xboot-3.0.0.jar                                                 bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.xfer-3.0.0.jar                                                  bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.xkms-3.0.0.jar                                                  bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.xkms.mgt-3.0.0.jar                                              bundle                   
org.wso2.carbon.xkms.mgt.ui-3.0.0.jar                                           bundle                   
org.wso2.dataservices.styles-1.0.0.jar                                          bundle                   
org.wso2.event.api-3.0.0.jar                                                    bundle                   
poi-3.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                            bundle                   
poi-ooxml-3.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                      bundle                   
poi-scratchpad-3.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                 bundle                   
rampart-1.5.mar                                                                 jar                      
rampart-core-1.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                   bundle                   
rampart-policy-1.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                 bundle                   
rampart-trust-1.5.0.wso2v1.jar                                                  bundle                   
rome-1.0.jar                                                                    jarinbundle              
sanselan-0.97-incubator.jar                                                     jarinbundle              
savan-core-1.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                                     bundle                   
servlet-api-2.4.jar                                                             jar            sunbinary 
servlets-default-5.5.23.jar                                                     jar            apache2   
shindig-1.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                                        bundle                   
shindig-common-r910768.jar                                                      jarinbundle              
shindig-features-r910768.jar                                                    jarinbundle              
shindig-gadgets-r910768.jar                                                     jarinbundle              
shindig-social-api-r910768.jar                                                  jarinbundle              
slf4j-log4j12-1.4.3.jar                                                         jarinbundle              
smack-2.2.1.jar                                                                 jar            apache2   
smackx-3.0.4.jar                                                                jar                      
spring.framework-2.5.1.wso2v1.jar                                               bundle                   
stax-api-1.0-2.jar                                                              jar            sunbinary 
taglibs.standard-1.1.2.wso2v1.jar                                               bundle                   
tcpmon-1.0.jar                                                                  jar                      
tiles-jsp-2.0.5.wso2v1.jar                                                      bundle                   
tomcat-apr-5.5.23.jar                                                           jar            apache2   
tomcat-coyote-5.5.23.jar                                                        jar            apache2   
tomcat-http-5.5.23.jar                                                          jar            apache2   
tomcat-util-5.5.23.jar                                                          jar            apache2   
tribes-6.0.16.jar                                                               jar            apache2   
tribes-6.0.16.wso2v1.jar                                                        bundle                   
uddi4j-1.0.1.jar                                                                jarinbundle              
woden-1.0.0.M8-wso2v1.jar                                                       bundle                   
wrapper-3.2.3.jar                                                               jar            mit       
wsdl-validator-1.0.3.wso2v1.jar                                                 bundle                   
wsdl-validator-1.1.0.wso2v1.jar                                                 bundle                   
wsdl4j-1.6.2.wso2v1.jar                                                         bundle                   
wss4j-1.5.9.wso2v1.jar                                                          bundle                   
wstx-1.0.7.jar                                                                  jarinbundle              
xalan-2.7.0.wso2v1.jar                                                          bundle                   
xercesImpl-2.8.1.wso2v1.jar                                                     bundle                   
xercesImpl-2.9.1.jar                                                            jarinbundle              
xkms-2.4.0.wso2v1.jar                                                           bundle                   
xml-apis-1.3.04.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
xml-apis-1.3.04.wso2v1.jar                                                      bundle                   
xml-resolver-1.2.jar                                                            jar            apache2   
xmlbeans-2.3.0.jar                                                              jarinbundle    apache2   
xmlbeans-2.3.0.wso2v1.jar                                                       bundle                   
xmlParserAPIs-2.6.2.jar                                                         jarinbundle              
XmlSchema-1.4.6.wso2v1.jar                                                      bundle                   
xmltooling-1.2.0.jar                                                            jarinbundle              
xpp3_min-1.1.4c.jar                                                             jarinbundle              
xstream-1.3.1.jar                                                               jarinbundle              



The license types used by the above libraries and their information is given below:

               
               null
epl1           Eclipse Public License
               http://www.eclipse.org/legal/epl-v10.html
apache2        Apache License Version 2.0
               http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html
sunbinary      Binary Code License Agreement
               https://cds.sun.com/is-bin/INTERSHOP.enfinity/WFS/CDS-CDS_Developer-Site/en_US/-/USD/ViewLicense-Start?LicenseUUID=mtrACUFBzm4AAAEYkcI5AXh_&ProductUUID=zFnACUFBlVoAAAEYhxc5AXt.
mit            MIT License
               http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php
cddl1          Common Development and Distribution License
               http://www.opensource.org/licenses/cddl1.php
bouncy         Bouncy Castle License
               http://www.bouncycastle.org/licence.html
